---
layout: post
title:  "Goals For 2020!"
tags: [goals, 2020]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

# <a href="{{ page.url }}"> Goals For 2020!</a>

I've been long overdue to reflect on my goals for the year, so without further adieu, I present my lofty goals for 2020.

<!--more-->

My first goal for myself is keeping up the reading goal for 2020. Last year I hit my goal and read 52 books, and since 2020 includes an additional day, I'd like to add one more book to my goal for 2020.

The next goal is one I've been telling myself I'd do years ago, but have sat on the sidelines because of some nervousness in the public speaking arena. I want to present a talk at a local meetup, and if that goes well, adapt it and submit to a conference.

I've heard of people who submit talks and then figure out what to do after the fact and get up on the stage for the first time without issue. I'd like to say I have the confidence to do this myself, but I don't think I'm quite there yet. That's why I've decided to dip my toes in the water with a local meetup, but part of me wonders if it would be better to take the dive and cannonball into the water.

Another goal of mine is to hone my writing skills. A significant component of this is keeping up with the blog and my journal.  I want to make this a more regular thing, so my lofty goal for this year is 12 blog posts. I'll try to provide updates to the goals I created and sprinkle in some of my other interests as well!

My final goal is a bit of a carryover from last year, which is to maintain the fitness level that I hit last year. I set out to slim down to the 185 pound mark last year, and I did it! I want to make sure I keep my weight within +/- 5 pounds of this mark, and if I deviate any further from that mark, get back to that weight by the end of the year.

TL;DR; my personal goals for this year:

+ 53 books read by the end of the yea
+ Give a talk at a meetup. Stretch goal: convert to full-fledge conference talk
+ Continue writing in blog and journal, post 12 public blog posts
+ Maintain fitness goals to stay around 185 pounds
